when the Lord your God brings you into
when the Lord your God brings you into the land which you go to possess and has
the land which you go to possess and has
the land which you go to possess and has cast out many nations before you the
cast out many nations before you the
cast out many nations before you the Hittites and the girgashites and the
Hittites and the girgashites and the
Hittites and the girgashites and the analytes and the Canaanites and the
analytes and the Canaanites and the
analytes and the Canaanites and the parasites and the highlights and the
parasites and the highlights and the
parasites and the highlights and the jebusites seven nations greater and
jebusites seven nations greater and
jebusites seven nations greater and mightier than you and when the Lord your
mightier than you and when the Lord your
mightier than you and when the Lord your God delivers them over to you you shall
God delivers them over to you you shall
God delivers them over to you you shall conquer them and utterly destroy them
conquer them and utterly destroy them
conquer them and utterly destroy them you shall make no covenant with them nor
you shall make no covenant with them nor
you shall make no covenant with them nor show mercy to them nor shall you make
show mercy to them nor shall you make
show mercy to them nor shall you make marriages with them you shall not give
marriages with them you shall not give
marriages with them you shall not give your daughter to their son nor take
your daughter to their son nor take
your daughter to their son nor take their daughter for your son for they
their daughter for your son for they
their daughter for your son for they will turn your sons away from following
will turn your sons away from following
will turn your sons away from following me to serve other gods so the anger of
me to serve other gods so the anger of
me to serve other gods so the anger of the Lord will be aroused against you and
the Lord will be aroused against you and
the Lord will be aroused against you and destroy you suddenly but thus you shall
destroy you suddenly but thus you shall
destroy you suddenly but thus you shall deal with them you shall destroy their
deal with them you shall destroy their
deal with them you shall destroy their altars and break down their sacred
altars and break down their sacred
altars and break down their sacred pillars
pillars
pillars and cut down their wooden images and
and cut down their wooden images and
and cut down their wooden images and burn their carved images with fire for
burn their carved images with fire for
burn their carved images with fire for you are holy people to the Lord your God
you are holy people to the Lord your God
you are holy people to the Lord your God the Lord your God has chosen you to be a
the Lord your God has chosen you to be a
the Lord your God has chosen you to be a people for himself a special treasure
people for himself a special treasure
people for himself a special treasure above all the peoples on the face of the
above all the peoples on the face of the
above all the peoples on the face of the earth the Lord did not set his love on
earth the Lord did not set his love on
earth the Lord did not set his love on you nor choose you because you were more
you nor choose you because you were more
you nor choose you because you were more in number than any other people for you
in number than any other people for you
in number than any other people for you were the least of all peoples but
were the least of all peoples but
were the least of all peoples but because the Lord loves you and because
because the Lord loves you and because
because the Lord loves you and because he would keep the oath which he swore to
he would keep the oath which he swore to
he would keep the oath which he swore to your father's the Lord has brought you
your father's the Lord has brought you
your father's the Lord has brought you out with a mighty hand and redeemed you
out with a mighty hand and redeemed you
out with a mighty hand and redeemed you from the house of bondage from the hand
from the house of bondage from the hand
from the house of bondage from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt therefore know
of Pharaoh king of Egypt therefore know
of Pharaoh king of Egypt therefore know that the Lord your God He is God
that the Lord your God He is God
that the Lord your God He is God the faithful God who keeps covenant and
the faithful God who keeps covenant and
the faithful God who keeps covenant and mercy for a thousand generations with
mercy for a thousand generations with
mercy for a thousand generations with those who love him and keep his
those who love him and keep his
those who love him and keep his Commandments and he repays those who
Commandments and he repays those who
Commandments and he repays those who hate him to their face to destroy them
hate him to their face to destroy them
hate him to their face to destroy them he will not be slack with him who hates
he will not be slack with him who hates
he will not be slack with him who hates him
him
him he will repay him to his face
therefore you shall keep the commandment
therefore you shall keep the commandment the statutes and the judgments which I
the statutes and the judgments which I
the statutes and the judgments which I command you today to observe them then
command you today to observe them then
command you today to observe them then it shall come to pass because you
it shall come to pass because you
it shall come to pass because you listened to these judgments and heat and
listened to these judgments and heat and
listened to these judgments and heat and do them that the Lord your God will keep
do them that the Lord your God will keep
do them that the Lord your God will keep with you the Covenant and the mercy
with you the Covenant and the mercy
with you the Covenant and the mercy which he swore to your father's and he
which he swore to your father's and he
which he swore to your father's and he will love you and bless you and multiply
will love you and bless you and multiply
will love you and bless you and multiply you he will also bless the fruit of your
you he will also bless the fruit of your
you he will also bless the fruit of your womb and the fruit of your land your
womb and the fruit of your land your
womb and the fruit of your land your grain and your new wine and your oil the
grain and your new wine and your oil the
grain and your new wine and your oil the increase of your cattle and the
increase of your cattle and the
increase of your cattle and the offspring of your flock in the land of
offspring of your flock in the land of
offspring of your flock in the land of which he swore to your father's to give
which he swore to your father's to give
which he swore to your father's to give you you shall be blessed above all
you you shall be blessed above all
you you shall be blessed above all peoples there shall not be a male or
peoples there shall not be a male or
peoples there shall not be a male or female Darren above you or among your
female Darren above you or among your
female Darren above you or among your life stop and the Lord will take away
life stop and the Lord will take away
life stop and the Lord will take away from you all sickness and will afflict
from you all sickness and will afflict
from you all sickness and will afflict you with none of the terrible diseases
you with none of the terrible diseases
you with none of the terrible diseases of Egypt which you have known but will
of Egypt which you have known but will
of Egypt which you have known but will lay them on all those who hate you also
lay them on all those who hate you also
lay them on all those who hate you also you shall destroy all the people soon
you shall destroy all the people soon
you shall destroy all the people soon the Lord your God delivers over to you
the Lord your God delivers over to you
the Lord your God delivers over to you your I shall have no pity on them
your I shall have no pity on them
your I shall have no pity on them nor shall you serve their gods for the
nor shall you serve their gods for the
nor shall you serve their gods for the Hat will be a snare to you if you should
Hat will be a snare to you if you should
Hat will be a snare to you if you should say in your heart these nations are
say in your heart these nations are
say in your heart these nations are greater than I how can I dispossessed
greater than I how can I dispossessed
greater than I how can I dispossessed them you shall not be afraid of them but
them you shall not be afraid of them but
them you shall not be afraid of them but you shall remember well what the Lord
you shall remember well what the Lord
you shall remember well what the Lord your God did to Pharaoh and to all Egypt
your God did to Pharaoh and to all Egypt
your God did to Pharaoh and to all Egypt the great trials which your eyes saw the
the great trials which your eyes saw the
the great trials which your eyes saw the signs and the wonders the mighty hand
signs and the wonders the mighty hand
signs and the wonders the mighty hand and the outstretched arm by which the
and the outstretched arm by which the
and the outstretched arm by which the Lord your God brought you out so shall
Lord your God brought you out so shall
Lord your God brought you out so shall the Lord your God do to all the peoples
the Lord your God do to all the peoples
the Lord your God do to all the peoples of whom you are afraid moreover the Lord
of whom you are afraid moreover the Lord
of whom you are afraid moreover the Lord your God will send the Hornet among them
your God will send the Hornet among them
your God will send the Hornet among them until those who are left to hide
until those who are left to hide
until those who are left to hide themselves from you are destroyed
themselves from you are destroyed
themselves from you are destroyed you shall not be terrified of them for
you shall not be terrified of them for
you shall not be terrified of them for the Lord your God the great and awesome
the Lord your God the great and awesome
the Lord your God the great and awesome God is among you
God is among you
God is among you and the Lord your God will drive out
and the Lord your God will drive out
and the Lord your God will drive out those nations before you little by
those nations before you little by
those nations before you little by little you will be unable to destroy
little you will be unable to destroy
little you will be unable to destroy them at once
them at once
them at once lest the beasts of the field become too
lest the beasts of the field become too
lest the beasts of the field become too numerous for you but the Lord your God
numerous for you but the Lord your God
numerous for you but the Lord your God will deliver them over to you and will
will deliver them over to you and will
will deliver them over to you and will inflict defeat upon them until they are
inflict defeat upon them until they are
inflict defeat upon them until they are destroyed and he will deliver their
destroyed and he will deliver their
destroyed and he will deliver their kings into your hand and you will
kings into your hand and you will
kings into your hand and you will destroy their name from under heaven no
destroy their name from under heaven no
destroy their name from under heaven no one shall be able to stand against you
one shall be able to stand against you
one shall be able to stand against you until you have destroyed them you shall
until you have destroyed them you shall
until you have destroyed them you shall learn the carved images of their gods
learn the carved images of their gods
learn the carved images of their gods with fire you shall not covet the silver
with fire you shall not covet the silver
with fire you shall not covet the silver or gold that is on them nor take it for
or gold that is on them nor take it for
or gold that is on them nor take it for yourselves lest you be snared by it
yourselves lest you be snared by it
yourselves lest you be snared by it for it is an abomination to the Lord
for it is an abomination to the Lord
for it is an abomination to the Lord your God nor shall you bring an
your God nor shall you bring an
your God nor shall you bring an abomination into your house lest you be
abomination into your house lest you be
abomination into your house lest you be doomed to destruction like it you shall
doomed to destruction like it you shall
doomed to destruction like it you shall utterly detest it and utterly abhor it
utterly detest it and utterly abhor it
utterly detest it and utterly abhor it for it is an accursed thing